Do you like amusement parks? Well, I sure do. To amuse myself, I went twice last spring. My most MEMORABLE moment was riding on the Caterpillar, which is a gigantic rollercoaster!
The baby picked a buttercup by the playground. The kindergarten class made a scarecrow out of hay. I was wondering if you gave the cat a treat.
I want to eat a salad with asparagus and cauliflower.
You wished to know all about my grandfather. Well, he is nearly 93 years old; he dresses himself in an ancient black frock coat, usually several buttons; yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever.
Bamboo walls are getting to be very popular. They are strong, easy to use, and good looking. They provide a good background and create the mood in Japanese gardens.
Sometimes I wake up very hungry and like to cook in the morning. My favorite thing to drink is tea and orange juice. I make myself an omelet with ham and cheese, but also give a few bites to the dog.
In the summer, I like to go for a long swim in the lake. My friends come with me and we drink lemonade and eat sandwiches and use the kayak. I must make sure to take some sunblock.
Last year we went to the zoo. Our favorite animal was the penguin. We were able to watch them running around and flapping their wings and see the tiny penguin babies eat fish.
A long time ago, a powerful English king lived in a castle across a moat.
Every day the people would bring him gifts fit for royalty, like bread, paintings, and rings. I like to read about him today.
Last Tuesday, I took my bike for a nine-mile ride in the park. I rode by people walking dogs, a mom with children, a blue stream, and singing, yellow birds. The path was long, but it felt good to be outside.
Before recently, I thought opera was just like yodeling! But last week, I heard a man sing a long song in a tenor voice. I think I will go again soon with my friend, June and her brother, Henry.
My cat, Ginger, loves to play with string; it is his favorite toy. Every single time, he gets tangled in it and meows, so I have to take it away from him.
I am planning a trip to Paris! I am mostly excited to go to the museums,
And to drink wine and eat cheese. I have yet to start practicing my French speaking skills for the trip.
Playing the piano well takes many years of practice. I take lessons from a very knowledgeable teacher. She shows me the importance of reading music as well as hand and finger exercises.
Uncle Randy drove us down the long road during the hurricane. ìHang on!î he yelled as he drove. We arrived safely despite the storm wind and rain.
I went with the baby girl to the park. While walking there, we saw someone riding a mountain bike, followed by a dog on a short leash. The dog was wagging his tail.
A nurse at the hospital was talking to the parents of the toddlers, explaining how to keep small objects away, to avoid kids introducing them into their noses or into their ears. Seems that is a frequent occurrence!
We went to visit the aquarium in town, where there was an entertaining display of games and tricks by the sea lions. The trainer asked whether everybody remembered that sea lions were mammals. Some adults and some kids looked surprised.
Baking big cakes can be a fun hobby. You need to use lots of flour, many eggs, a large container of milk and many other ingredients. Each time I bake, I make something different to keep challenging myself.
